README.md, before:

What changed:   
  - Fixed BossFight detection for Hodir, Kel'Thuzad, Skadi the Ruthless
  - Added Shift-LMB in segment dropdown list = set segment for all windows (by @coolsnesh)
  - EnemyDamageTaken module:
    - Added ICC:Sindragosa IceTombs 15%-0%, [awesome_wotlk](https://github.com/noname08662/awesome_wotlk) needed
    - Fixed ICC:LK Valkyrs overkilling, [awesome_wotlk](https://github.com/noname08662/awesome_wotlk) needed
      - sorry Warmane pals, your devs hate you xD
  - ruRU locale:
    - Fixed tooltip format error
    - Removed ICC25HC:LK 37799 Outside spirits from EnemyDamageTaken (useless damage)
      - 37799 Vile Spirit (outside) and 39190 Wicked Spirit (room) has the same name in ruRU = Skada count them as the same creature = wrong numbers in "Important targets"

# Skada for Wrath of the Lich King `3.3.5` (_Revisited - v1.8.87_)

![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/795698054371868743?label=discord)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/bkader/Skada-WoTLK)
![GitHub tag (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/bkader/Skada-WoTLK?label=version)

Skada is a modular damage meter with various viewing modes, segmented fights and customizable windows. It aims to be highly efficient with memory and CPU.

<p align="center"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4732702/170839578-72a9a952-c999-457a-8f57-7d151e3b76a8.png" alt="Skada WotLK"></p>

_**FOR PRIVATE SERVERS**_:
* _[Cataclysm](https://github.com/bkader/Skada-Cata)_
* _[Mists of Pandaria](https://github.com/bkader/Skada-MoP)_
* _[Warlords of Draenor](https://github.com/bkader/Skada-WoD)_
* _[Legion](https://github.com/bkader/Skada-Legion)_
* _[Battle for Azeroth](https://github.com/bkader/Skada-BfA)_
* _[Shadowlands](https://github.com/bkader/Skada-Shadowlands)_

_**FOR OFFICIAL SERVERS**_:
* _[Retail/Classic Wrath](https://github.com/bkader/Skada-Damage-Meter)_

> ***Is this a backported version?***
> **No**! This is total **rewrite** of the original addon, it all started from version `r301` for `3.3.5`and built up to the current state.

## IMPORTANT: How to install

1. If you used the default on **Skada** before, please make sure to delete all its files from `Interface\AddOns` folder as well as all its _SavedVariables_ from `WTF` folder (_just delete all `Skada.lua` and `Skada.lua.bak` for this folder. Use the search box for quick delete_). If you are new, skip this step.
2. [Download the package](https://github.com/bkader/Skada-WoTLK/archive/refs/heads/main.zip).
3. Open the Zip package inside which you will find a single folder named `Skada-WoTLK-main`.
4. Extract or drag and drop the unique folder `Skada` into your `Interface\AddOns` folder.
5. If you want to use `SkadaImprovement` and/or `SkadaStorage` modules, drop them there as well.

## Show Love & Support

Though it's not required, **PayPal**/**Paysera** donations are most welcome at **bkader[at]mail.com**.

## Special Credits

* Original author: **Zarnivoop**
* Localization: **meatgaga** (CN), **Ícar** & **Septimun** (ES), **Kader** (FR), **NGL** (RU)
* Direct and indirect contributors: **Abel**, **Iqui**, **Jeb**, **Shoggoth**, **Havi** & **Ganrod**, **WotLK Community**.
* The man behind the wheel: **[Nomadra](https://github.com/ridepad)**

## Early Access

If like some you cannot wait for updates to be pushed and releases to be published, visit [this link](https://mega.nz/folder/3gZFXa5T#nO6nqnv6gj1IYpCu4CJWaQ) and download the version (_expansion_) you want to use. Every time a progress is done and a milestone is reached, packages are updated, so you might want to check the date files were updated so you don't download the same package again (_compare date added to the in-game Skada date_).
_Note that **3.4.x.zip** is for both **Retail** and **Classic Wrath**._

## OTHER ADDONS (Private Servers)

* **!ElvinCDs**: [https://github.com/bkader/ElvinCDs](https://github.com/bkader/ElvinCDs)
* **!KTracker**: [https://github.com/bkader/KTracker](https://github.com/bkader/KTracker)
* **BigWigs**: [https://github.com/bkader/BigWigs-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/BigWigs-WoTLK)
* **BloodyMask**: [https://github.com/bkader/BloodyMask](https://github.com/bkader/BloodyMask)
* **ButtonFacade**: [https://github.com/bkader/ButtonFacade](https://github.com/bkader/ButtonFacade)
* **Comix**: [https://github.com/bkader/Comix-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/Comix-WoTLK)
* **Crosshairs**: [https://github.com/bkader/Crosshairs-WotLK](https://github.com/bkader/Crosshairs-WotLK)
* **Dominos**: [https://github.com/bkader/Dominos](https://github.com/bkader/Dominos)
* **EclipseBar**: [https://github.com/bkader/EclipseBar-WotLK](https://github.com/bkader/EclipseBar-WotLK)
* **FixGroups**: [https://github.com/bkader/FixGroups-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/FixGroups-WoTLK)
* **GarbageProtector**: [https://github.com/bkader/GarbageProtector](https://github.com/bkader/GarbageProtector)
* **Grid2**: [https://github.com/bkader/Grid2-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/Grid2-WoTLK)
* **HalionHelper**: [https://github.com/bkader/HalionHelper-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/HalionHelper-WoTLK)
* **Hermes**: [https://github.com/bkader/Hermes-WotLK](https://github.com/bkader/Hermes-WotLK)
* **KPack**: [https://github.com/bkader/KPack](https://github.com/bkader/KPack)
* **KRaidTools**: [https://github.com/bkader/KRT](https://github.com/bkader/KRT)
* **KRaidUtilities**: [https://github.com/bkader/KRU-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/KRU-WoTLK)
* **KuiNameplates**: [https://github.com/bkader/KuiNameplates-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/KuiNameplates-WoTLK)
* **Masque**: [https://github.com/bkader/Masque-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/Masque-WoTLK)
* **NameplateSCT**: [https://github.com/bkader/NameplateSCT_WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/NameplateSCT_WoTLK)
* **PlateBuffs**: [https://github.com/bkader/PlateBuffs_WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/PlateBuffs_WoTLK)
* **RUF**: [https://github.com/bkader/RUF-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/RUF-WoTLK)
* **Raven**: [https://github.com/bkader/Raven-WotLK](https://github.com/bkader/Raven-WotLK)
* **SharedMedia**: [https://github.com/bkader/SharedMedia](https://github.com/bkader/SharedMedia)
* **Talented**: [https://github.com/bkader/Talented_WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/Talented_WoTLK)
* **TellMeWhen**: [https://github.com/bkader/TellMeWhen_3.3.5](https://github.com/bkader/TellMeWhen_3.3.5)
* **TheClassicRace**: [https://github.com/bkader/TheClassicRace-WotLK](https://github.com/bkader/TheClassicRace-WotLK)
* **TidyPlates & ThreatPlates**: [https://github.com/bkader/TidyPlates_WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/TidyPlates_WoTLK)

Commit message:

final fix for valkyrs overkilling

README.md, after:

### What changed:
- Fixed BossFight detection for Hodir, Kel'Thuzad, Skadi the Ruthless
- Added Shift-LMB in segment dropdown list = set segment for all windows (by @coolsnesh)
- EnemyDamageTaken module:
  - Added ICC:Sindragosa IceTombs 15%-0%
  - Fixed ICC:LK Valkyrs overkilling. For real now. For [EVERYONE](https://youtu.be/74BzSTQCl_c?si=gkOn5NKk9-K5zcsu&t=10).
- ruRU locale:
  - Fixed tooltip format error
  - Removed ICC25HC:LK 37799 Outside spirits from EnemyDamageTaken (useless damage)
    - 37799 Vile Spirit (outside) and 39190 Wicked Spirit (room) has the same name in ruRU = Skada count them as the same creature = wrong numbers in "Important targets"

> [!NOTE]
**2026.02.21 About Enemy Damage Taken module**  
Now you can manually add maxHP/maxPower `values` in `Core/Tables.lua` to ensure your `custom_units` (like *Valkyrs overkilling*) will work even if automatic functions failed to grab this values.  
Thats not optimal, because some custom servers may have different databases with different hp/power values, but seems like its really needed as a final layer, so everything will work properly =_=

### Known issues:
- sometimes auras, that still active on bossfight end - stored with wrong duration
  - if someone knows how to fix this - please send elp xD

#

# Skada for Wrath of the Lich King `3.3.5` (_Revisited - v1.8.87_)

![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/795698054371868743?label=discord)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/bkader/Skada-WoTLK)
![GitHub tag (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/bkader/Skada-WoTLK?label=version)

Skada is a modular damage meter with various viewing modes, segmented fights and customizable windows. It aims to be highly efficient with memory and CPU.

<p align="center"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4732702/170839578-72a9a952-c999-457a-8f57-7d151e3b76a8.png" alt="Skada WotLK"></p>

_**FOR PRIVATE SERVERS**_:
* _[Cataclysm](https://github.com/bkader/Skada-Cata)_
* _[Mists of Pandaria](https://github.com/bkader/Skada-MoP)_
* _[Warlords of Draenor](https://github.com/bkader/Skada-WoD)_
* _[Legion](https://github.com/bkader/Skada-Legion)_
* _[Battle for Azeroth](https://github.com/bkader/Skada-BfA)_
* _[Shadowlands](https://github.com/bkader/Skada-Shadowlands)_

_**FOR OFFICIAL SERVERS**_:
* _[Retail/Classic Wrath](https://github.com/bkader/Skada-Damage-Meter)_

> ***Is this a backported version?***
> **No**! This is total **rewrite** of the original addon, it all started from version `r301` for `3.3.5`and built up to the current state.

## IMPORTANT: How to install

1. If you used the default on **Skada** before, please make sure to delete all its files from `Interface\AddOns` folder as well as all its _SavedVariables_ from `WTF` folder (_just delete all `Skada.lua` and `Skada.lua.bak` for this folder. Use the search box for quick delete_). If you are new, skip this step.
2. [Download the package](https://github.com/bkader/Skada-WoTLK/archive/refs/heads/main.zip).
3. Open the Zip package inside which you will find a single folder named `Skada-WoTLK-main`.
4. Extract or drag and drop the unique folder `Skada` into your `Interface\AddOns` folder.
5. If you want to use `SkadaImprovement` and/or `SkadaStorage` modules, drop them there as well.

## Show Love & Support

Though it's not required, **PayPal**/**Paysera** donations are most welcome at **bkader[at]mail.com**.

## Special Credits

* Original author: **Zarnivoop**
* Localization: **meatgaga** (CN), **Ícar** & **Septimun** (ES), **Kader** (FR), **NGL** (RU)
* Direct and indirect contributors: **Abel**, **Iqui**, **Jeb**, **Shoggoth**, **Havi** & **Ganrod**, **WotLK Community**.
* The man behind the wheel: **[Nomadra](https://github.com/ridepad)**

## Early Access

If like some you cannot wait for updates to be pushed and releases to be published, visit [this link](https://mega.nz/folder/3gZFXa5T#nO6nqnv6gj1IYpCu4CJWaQ) and download the version (_expansion_) you want to use. Every time a progress is done and a milestone is reached, packages are updated, so you might want to check the date files were updated so you don't download the same package again (_compare date added to the in-game Skada date_).
_Note that **3.4.x.zip** is for both **Retail** and **Classic Wrath**._

## OTHER ADDONS (Private Servers)

* **!ElvinCDs**: [https://github.com/bkader/ElvinCDs](https://github.com/bkader/ElvinCDs)
* **!KTracker**: [https://github.com/bkader/KTracker](https://github.com/bkader/KTracker)
* **BigWigs**: [https://github.com/bkader/BigWigs-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/BigWigs-WoTLK)
* **BloodyMask**: [https://github.com/bkader/BloodyMask](https://github.com/bkader/BloodyMask)
* **ButtonFacade**: [https://github.com/bkader/ButtonFacade](https://github.com/bkader/ButtonFacade)
* **Comix**: [https://github.com/bkader/Comix-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/Comix-WoTLK)
* **Crosshairs**: [https://github.com/bkader/Crosshairs-WotLK](https://github.com/bkader/Crosshairs-WotLK)
* **Dominos**: [https://github.com/bkader/Dominos](https://github.com/bkader/Dominos)
* **EclipseBar**: [https://github.com/bkader/EclipseBar-WotLK](https://github.com/bkader/EclipseBar-WotLK)
* **FixGroups**: [https://github.com/bkader/FixGroups-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/FixGroups-WoTLK)
* **GarbageProtector**: [https://github.com/bkader/GarbageProtector](https://github.com/bkader/GarbageProtector)
* **Grid2**: [https://github.com/bkader/Grid2-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/Grid2-WoTLK)
* **HalionHelper**: [https://github.com/bkader/HalionHelper-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/HalionHelper-WoTLK)
* **Hermes**: [https://github.com/bkader/Hermes-WotLK](https://github.com/bkader/Hermes-WotLK)
* **KPack**: [https://github.com/bkader/KPack](https://github.com/bkader/KPack)
* **KRaidTools**: [https://github.com/bkader/KRT](https://github.com/bkader/KRT)
* **KRaidUtilities**: [https://github.com/bkader/KRU-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/KRU-WoTLK)
* **KuiNameplates**: [https://github.com/bkader/KuiNameplates-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/KuiNameplates-WoTLK)
* **Masque**: [https://github.com/bkader/Masque-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/Masque-WoTLK)
* **NameplateSCT**: [https://github.com/bkader/NameplateSCT_WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/NameplateSCT_WoTLK)
* **PlateBuffs**: [https://github.com/bkader/PlateBuffs_WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/PlateBuffs_WoTLK)
* **RUF**: [https://github.com/bkader/RUF-WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/RUF-WoTLK)
* **Raven**: [https://github.com/bkader/Raven-WotLK](https://github.com/bkader/Raven-WotLK)
* **SharedMedia**: [https://github.com/bkader/SharedMedia](https://github.com/bkader/SharedMedia)
* **Talented**: [https://github.com/bkader/Talented_WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/Talented_WoTLK)
* **TellMeWhen**: [https://github.com/bkader/TellMeWhen_3.3.5](https://github.com/bkader/TellMeWhen_3.3.5)
* **TheClassicRace**: [https://github.com/bkader/TheClassicRace-WotLK](https://github.com/bkader/TheClassicRace-WotLK)
* **TidyPlates & ThreatPlates**: [https://github.com/bkader/TidyPlates_WoTLK](https://github.com/bkader/TidyPlates_WoTLK)
